Progress-Tracker-App/ProgressTracker/Documents/README.md, before:

# Progress-Tracker-App
Repository for Progress Tracker App created for COM 430 Software Development
Created by: Ashli Collige, Anthony Skinner, Lisa Torro, and Thomas Williams

# App Description
The app is based off a KanBan board used to track the progress of projects in software development. A KanBan board has columns titled for progress stages and sticky notes that detail the work that needs to be done. Each sticky note should be moved to the column of the tasks status. For example, a sticky note that is in progress gets placed into the In Progress column. There may also be columns such as Stuck for when a task encounters issues that need assistance. 

# Features - v0.1
- A GUI that contains default columns. 
- A button to add a new task/sticky note.
- Each sticky note has a text box that can be edited. 
- The sticky note can be moved to a new column using the left or right arrows.

# Features - v1.1
- Added labels to the edit window
- Made edit window resizable
- replaced TextFields with TextAreas in edit window
- Added labels to buttons
- Changed button size
- Added labels to file window

# Features - v1.2
- Moved all files into a folder called ProgressTracker to allow for automated and effective downloading using Visual Studio Code.
- Added the Palette class to centralize Color variables.

# Features - v1.2.1
- Began implementing more classes to replace the many arrays that MyFrame is reliant on. (LinkedLists implemented more often rather than arrays)

# Features - v1.2.2
- Continued implementing more classes to replace the many arrays that MyFrame is reliant on.
- Added ToDoPanel and CompletedPanel, and a basic ability to navigate between them.

# Features - v1.2.3
- Continued implementing more classes to replace the many arrays that MyFrame is reliant on.
- Added SettingsPanel and TaskViewPanel, and a basic ability to navigate to settingsPanel.
- Changed the bottom panels of BoardPanel, ToDoPanel, CompletedPanel, and SettingsPanel to navigate to each other.

Commit message:

v1.3
- Screen navigation is now present and working in its most basic form. LoginPanel is a place holder, as is Settings panel.
- BoardPanel now has all of it's previous functionalities as well as being able to send tasks to ToDo and Completed.
- ToDoPanel now has the basic functionalities it needs.
- CompletedPanel now has the basic functionalities it needs.
- Color scheme has been reworked using one of the palettes posted in Slack.
- Many classes have been reworked.

Progress-Tracker-App/ProgressTracker/Documents/README.md, after:

# Progress-Tracker-App
Repository for Progress Tracker App created for COM 430 Software Development
Created by: Ashli Collige, Anthony Skinner, Lisa Torro, and Thomas Williams

# App Description
The app is based off a KanBan board used to track the progress of projects in software development. A KanBan board has columns titled for progress stages and sticky notes that detail the work that needs to be done. Each sticky note should be moved to the column of the tasks status. For example, a sticky note that is in progress gets placed into the In Progress column. There may also be columns such as Stuck for when a task encounters issues that need assistance. 

# Features - v0.1
- A GUI that contains default columns. 
- A button to add a new task/sticky note.
- Each sticky note has a text box that can be edited. 
- The sticky note can be moved to a new column using the left or right arrows.

# Features - v1.1
- Added labels to the edit window
- Made edit window resizable
- replaced TextFields with TextAreas in edit window
- Added labels to buttons
- Changed button size
- Added labels to file window

# Features - v1.2
- Moved all files into a folder called ProgressTracker to allow for automated and effective downloading using Visual Studio Code.
- Added the Palette class to centralize Color variables.

# Features - v1.2.1
- Began implementing more classes to replace the many arrays that MyFrame is reliant on. (LinkedLists implemented more often rather than arrays)

# Features - v1.2.2
- Continued implementing more classes to replace the many arrays that MyFrame is reliant on.
- Added ToDoPanel and CompletedPanel, and a basic ability to navigate between them.

# Features - v1.3
- Screen navigation is now present and working in its most basic form. LoginPanel is a place holder, as is Settings panel.
- BoardPanel now has all of it's previous functionalities as well as being able to send tasks to ToDo and Completed.
- ToDoPanel now has the basic functionalities it needs.
- CompletedPanel now has the basic functionalities it needs.
- Color scheme has been reworked using one of the palettes posted in Slack.
- Many classes have been reworked.
